Glitex Solutions
Service
Portfolio
Mobile Application
AI
Our Process
Contact
Call: +254 707 021 821
Book Appointment
Service
Portfolio
Mobile Application
AI
Our Process
Contact
Call: +254 707 021 821
info@glitexsolutions.co.ke
Ai Companies in Kenya | Artificial Intelligence Companies in Kenya

In search of Artificial Intelligent (AI) company in Nairobi, Kenya or across the globe? We leverage ML and AI to build AI- Native solutions or Integrate AI into your existing business

100+
Completed
Projects
13
Inhouse
AI Experts
24
Experienced
Industries
Our AI Strategry
1
Understand & Consult

We begin by understanding your objectives and offer a free consultation to explore AI possibilities for your specific use case.

2
Research & Feasibility

Our product, design, and research teams dive deep into your problem and use case to assess technical feasibility and report on the potential AI solutions.

3
Data Acquisition

If your business lacks a data foundation, our data and design team crafts a robust data acquisition strategy to fill that gap.

4
Data Exploration

For established businesses, our data science and machine learning teams analyze existing data to identify what to work with.

5
Product-First Design

Using our 'Product First' approach, our product and design team collaboratively design solutions with you to ensure AI aligns strategically with your desired outcomes.

6
Collaborative Development

Acting as an extension of your team, we work closely with you to build the AI systems, fostering seamless collaboration.

7
Implementation & Testing

We train, test, deploy, and deliver the solution for initial testing phases.

8
Iterative Improvement

Finally, we iterate on the AI solution based on user feedback to continuously optimize performance.

We work with Founders and Organizations
We collaborate with you to design and build AI models that help unlock new markets across industries to explore untapped opportunities.

We provide AI development services designed to help established businesses streamline operations by automating manual tasks, building AI models to extract insights from data, and uncovering patterns that drive smarter decision-making.
Let's Build your AI Powered Product from MVP to Full Product
An AI-Native applications

Imagine a product that isn't just powered by AI, but is inherently AI-driven. It’s core functionality is carried out by a trained AI model that keeps learning and adapting.

Integration of AI into an existing platform or product.

Ride on the AI wave and bring in AI’s benefits into your existing product.

What does this mean for your startup?

With over 40% of our team made of ex-founders and ex-employees of startups we understand that products increase their odds of success with by ensuring;

Speed of execution
Speed of execution
What’s the magic sauce to ensure as a business you ship faster?
We integrate AI models with low-code development
What stage are you?
I am building a startup
And I need help with AI
Explore
I have and existing business & want to incorporate AI
Show me the possibilities and where to start
Explore
What does this mean for your startup?
Startup specific approach to developmen tof AI

We understand exploring a new market or creating one requires a lot of iteration, that is why we devise a fast and cost efficient way to build.

AI Native development

Our approach is to build native AI products that take into account deploying a data acquisition strategy, privacy, and reinforcement learning to improve your models over time.

Scalability

Solutions are built with growth in mind, allowing startups to expand their offerings seamlessly as their business grows.

Fast development

Leveraging low code/ no code tools such as Framer and Webflow, we can ship your AI project faster. Ideally less than 12 weeks.

Stable development

We support founders who have already built a prototype to build a fully scalable AI powered or Native application.

Data Acquisition and Privacy

At Glitex Solutions, we understand that data acquisition is a critical foundation for successful AI development. Our team of data science and machine learning (ML) experts guides you through every step of the data acquisition process to ensure robust and efficient data capture, transmission, and storage tailored to your unique project needs.

We prioritize data privacy and compliance, strictly adhering to GDPR, UAE, US, and other relevant jurisdictional data policies.We provide strategic advice on how to collect and use only consented data responsibly, ensuring the privacy and security of all information handled.

Our Product Portfolio
Attorney Shield

This app seeks addresses the rampant issue of police brutality in the United States by instantly connecting a person of color suspected by the police to an attorney who now provides instructions on how to respond and talk to the police or addresses them on the person’s behalf.

$590.8K
Capital Raised
by Jan 2025
13
Investors
by Jan 2025
8.1K
Paying users
by Jan 2025
View Portfolio
Why Choose Us
A Co-Founder Perspective

Our team consists of former startup founders and employees who have navigated or understand the hurdles you face. With firsthand experience launching AI products in diverse industries, we tackle every project with flexibility, innovative problem-solving, and a desire to make a real-world difference.

Part of Your Team

We’re more than just a service provider; we’re an extension of your team, acting like co-founders. Our unique mix of technology skills and business insights allows us to do more than just build your product. We challenge your ideas, push boundaries, and focus on your success—because your success is our success, too.

A Proven Path to Success

Our highly regarded process is designed to help you launch with confidence. From shaping the initial concept to keeping your project on track with time and budget, we ensure that your product is ready when your users need it. With Glitex, you can trust that your AI strategy is in good hands.

Our Track Record of Success

Our team consists of former startup founders and employees who have navigated or understand the hurdles you face. With firsthand experience launching AI products in diverse industries, we tackle every project with flexibility, innovative problem-solving, and a desire to make a real-world difference.

AI Fields We’re Experienced In
AI Agents + Multi-Agent Systems

Enhance your operations with smart AI solutions that work independently or in teams. We use versatile tools like Autogen, CrewAI, Semantic Kernel, and LlamaIndex to optimize performance and efficiency.

Generative AI

We build AI systems capable of creating high-quality text, images, code, and more. With expertise in tools like OpenAI, Stability AI, Llama and custom generative models, we deliver applications ranging from content creation to design automation.

ML & Predictive Analytics

We transform data into insights using top tools. From data engineering with Hadoop and Spark, building ML models with Tensorflow and PyTorch, to creating visualizations with Jupyter and Streamlit, we've got you covered.

AI-Powered Chatbots

Our AI chatbots engage in natural, human-like conversations. They provide intelligent, helpful responses across various platforms and purposes, making user interactions seamless. - We leverage OpenAI, Llama 3, Claude Api’s.

Reinforcement Learning

Our systems are capable of making intelligent decisions in dynamic environments. Our reinforcement learning expertise helps develop AI solutions for gaming, personalizations, optimization, and autonomous systems.

Computer Vision & Multi-Modal LLMs

Unlock insights from visual data with computer vision technology. We use the latest multi-modal models to create innovative applications that combine different data types.

Speech Recognition & Synthesis

We utilize advanced speech technology to convert speech to text and vice versa, enhancing accessibility and user experience across various applications, Whisper API and other open source models.

NLP Tasks

We specialize in essential language processing techniques—like breaking down text, identifying parts of speech, and analyzing syntax—to lay the groundwork for advanced text analysis.

Edge AI

Build AI solutions with Glitex that have real-time processing for IoT devices, drones, and mobile platforms, ensuring performance even in resource-constrained environments.

MLOps & LLMOps

We handle everything from data to deployment. Our expertise ensures your models are trained, deployed, and monitored efficiently using secure, scalable infrastructure tailored to your needs.

Turn your ideas into reality today
Call us Today
Applewood Adams, Ngong Rd
info@glitexsolutions.co.ke
+254 707 021 821.

© Copyright Glitex Solutions $2025